# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Resource types

* [`sysctl`](#sysctl): Manages entries in /etc/sysctl.conf.

## Resource types

### <a name="sysctl"></a>`sysctl`

Manages entries in /etc/sysctl.conf.

#### Properties

The following properties are available in the `sysctl` type.

##### `comment`

Text to be stored in a comment immediately above the entry.  It will be automatically prepended with the name of the setting in order for the provider to know whether it controls the comment or not.

##### `ensure`

Valid values: `present`, `absent`

The basic property that the resource should be in.

Default value: `present`

##### `val`

An alias for 'value'. Maintains interface compatibility with the traditional ParsedFile sysctl provider. If both are set, 'value' will take precedence over 'val'.

##### `value`

Value to change the setting to. Settings with multiple values (such as net.ipv4.tcp_mem) are represented as a single whitespace separated string.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `sysctl` type.

* [`apply`](#-sysctl--apply)
* [`name`](#-sysctl--name)
* [`persist`](#-sysctl--persist)
* [`provider`](#-sysctl--provider)
* [`silent`](#-sysctl--silent)
* [`target`](#-sysctl--target)

##### <a name="-sysctl--apply"></a>`apply`

Valid values: `true`, `false`

Whether to apply the value using the sysctl command.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-sysctl--name"></a>`name`

namevar

The name of the setting, e.g. net.ipv4.ip_forward

##### <a name="-sysctl--persist"></a>`persist`

Valid values: `true`, `false`

Persist the value in the on-disk file ($target).

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-sysctl--provider"></a>`provider`

The specific backend to use for this `sysctl` resource. You will seldom need to specify this --- Puppet will usually
discover the appropriate provider for your platform.

##### <a name="-sysctl--silent"></a>`silent`

Valid values: `true`, `false`

If set, do not report an error if the system key does not exist. This is useful for systems that may need to load a
kernel module prior to the sysctl values existing.

Default value: `false`

##### <a name="-sysctl--target"></a>`target`

The file in which to store the settings, defaults to
`/etc/sysctl.conf`.

